Lord Imperial Preceptor
This inference of Zhanwang Chen's rebellion is too outrageous
Absolutely cannot be regarded as a fact
Temple was fired
Declare for the full strength of the national division
Zhang Zihao praised the position of the city lord
Thank you, Your Excellency
Zihao must saddle the horse before and after
Don't forget the favor of the Lord of State
Hahaha Zhang Zihao
Throw me Song Tianbao
Don't let him disrupt the order here
Yes'm.
Lao just now, now Lao Tzu is the city lord
You're fired, you're nothing
Go away, come on
Hold this old man down for me
Go, go, get out of the way
It's almost time.
The butler should be here, hurry up
Lord Luo's Chen Tie will bring
The world's number one killer
You are actually willing to be the lackey of Ouyang Tomb
how
Do I need your advice on who I hire?
The enemy has already washed his hands
Receive state recognition lightly
Now a letter is assisting the state envoy to rot
Tiandao Mighty Tiger
Hero Anning
A killer is a killer
People who can only do dirty work forever
Ouyang Mu, you are so big
How dare you stop me from submitting evidence
They sent killers to stop me